# Editorial of the problem Voldemort's Castle
First we use brute force to solve the 6 colour equations, i.e., finding which curse is of which colour. We recursively try all possible solutions, and use backtrack to evaluate whether that solution is actually correct or not. We use unordered maps for mapping each colour to its curse. I know this is probably not the most efficient solution, but since there are only 6 equations, so I guess it works fine :).


Next we have to find the 6 sonsecutive primes whose sum is given to us. For this, we use an efficient approach. Firstly we use the Sieve of Erastosthenes to create a a sufficiently large list of primes. We use that list throughout the program to check whether any number is prime or not. Secondly, we create a clever algorithm which first calculates the average of the 6 primes (by dividing the sum by 6), then finds the nearest prime to that average, then find the nearest prime to the first prime. Now we calculate the average of these 2 primes - if that is less than the initial average of the 6 primes, we find the nearest prime greater than these 2 primes; if that is more than the initial average of the 6 primes, we find the nearest prime lesser than these 2 primes. Now we have 3 consecutive primes, again we calulate their average and compare, and so on. Finally we end up with the 6 consecutive primes we wanted.


After that we simply have to match these 6 primes to their corresponding curses. For this, we first sort the curses according to the potency level based on the potency rules as described in the question. Then we match the least prime to the curse with least potency, and so on. We use structs and vectors efficiently for the implementation.
